<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2015, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="InvokeTheKnowledgeAdvancedRESTAPIsF-102B2CA1" xml:lang="en">
<title>Invoke the Knowledge Advanced REST APIs from Customer Portal</title>
<conbody>
<p>You can invoke both the Knowledge Advanced content (IM) and search
REST APIs directly from Customer Portal using the OKCS API model.
The OKCS API model is located in <filepath>/cp/core/framework/Models</filepath
>.</p>
<p>The OKCS API model includes a public <codeph>makeApiRequest</codeph
> method. You can write custom code to instantiate the model class,
then call the <codeph>makeApiRequest</codeph> method to invoke a content
(IM) or a search API. The response is stored in the <codeph>$apiResponse</codeph
> variable, which can be consumed as required. You can include the
custom code within a custom PHP page or a custom widget.</p><?Pub Caret 334?>
<p>The <codeph>makeApiRequest</codeph> method has three parameters.<ul>
<li><p><codeph>$url</codeph> − The API end-point URL of a REST API.
Use <codeph>\RightNow\Utils\Config::getConfig(OKCS_IM_API_URL) . '&lt;resource_URL>'</codeph
> to invoke a content (IM) API and <codeph>\RightNow\Utils\Config::getConfig(OKCS_SRCH_API_URL)
. '&lt;resource_URL>'</codeph> to invoke a search API.</p></li>
<li><p><codeph>$methodName</codeph> − Method name is the type of method
request, including GET or POST.</p></li>
<li><p><codeph>$postData</codeph> − Post data is an array of variable
names and values in the body of the request message sent by the POST
method.</p></li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can find the complete list of Knowledge Advanced content (IM) and search resource URLs in the
                <cite>Tasks</cite> section of the <xref
                href="http://www.oracle.com/pls/topic/lookup?ctx=cloud&amp;id=CXSKA" format="html"
                scope="external">REST API for Knowledge Advanced in B2C Service</xref> guide.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
