<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2015, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="AddTheRecommendContentFunctionality-79C0DE23" xml:lang="en">
<title>Add Related Answers</title>
<shortdesc>Customers can view a list of answers that are relevant
to a specific answer that they have accessed. Links to the related
answers appear beneath the answer displayed on the Answer Detail page
of an article. By default, the widget displays five answers, but can
be configured for a maximum of twenty answers. <ph>Set up requires
selecting the View Related Answers option at the content type level
(Repository Content Type Properties page) in the Authoring console.
Selecting this option enables only documents of the same content type. </ph
><ph>The relationship of a specific answer to related answers is defined
in Information Manager by adding links to the related answers. The
links can be added manually or automatically by Analytics as <i>learned
links</i>. Articles linked manually have priority and are listed above
learned links. </ph><ph>For more information on content type properties,
see “Add General Properties” in <i>Service Cloud Knowledge Advanced
Administration Guide</i>.</ph></shortdesc><?Pub Caret 308?>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Add the following line of code to include the Related Answer widget
on <filepath>pages/answers/answer_view.php.</filepath></p>
<p>Make sure that the View Related Answers option is selected in the
Feedback tab in Authoring.</p>
<codeblock>&lt;rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsRelatedAnswers"/></codeblock>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<link format="dita"
href="Administration/topicrefs/c_Add_General_Properties__af1184821.dita"
scope="local" type="concept"><linktext></linktext></link>
</related-links>
</concept>
