<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ConfiguringKnowledgeSyndicationWidg-06614A88"
xml:lang="en-US">
<title>Add the Widget to a Page</title>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Use the <uicontrol>Copy Script code to your page</uicontrol> section
of the <wintitle>widget configuration</wintitle> page to copy and
paste the syndication widget code into your web page.</p>
<ol>
<li><p>Open the source code for the web page that you want to add
the widget to.</p></li>
<li><p>Click the <uicontrol>Select Text</uicontrol> button to select
the code that defines your site URL, then press Ctrl+c to copy the
code.</p><p>Here’s an example of the code that includes your site
URL:</p><codeblock>&lt;script type="text/javascript" scr="https://&lt;your_site>/euf/rightnow/RightNow.Client.js">&lt;/script></codeblock
></li>
<li><p>Paste the code into the source code of your web page just before
the closing <codeph>&lt;/body></codeph> tag.</p></li>
<li><p>Click the <uicontrol>Select Text</uicontrol> button to select
the code that defines the widget and its attributes, then press Ctrl+c
to copy the code.</p><p>Here’s an example of the JavaScript code that
includes the widget configuration:</p><codeblock>&lt;script type="text/javascript">
	RightNow.Client.Controller.addComponent(
		{
			div_id: "myDiv",
			enable_recent: true,
			presist_contenttype: false,
			persist_prodcat: false,
			q: "oracle",
			instance_id: "okcs_0",
			module: "OkcsKnowledgeSyndication",
			type: 10
		}
		"https://&lt;your_site>/ci/ws/get"
	);
&lt;/script></codeblock></li>
<li><p>Paste the copied code just below the code you copied in the
previous step.</p></li>
<li><p>Click the <uicontrol>Select Text</uicontrol> button to select
the <codeph>&lt;div></codeph> tag code, then press Ctrl+c to copy
the code. This code calls the JavaScript code of the widget generated
in the previous step.</p><p>Here’s an example of the <codeph>&lt;div></codeph
> tag code:</p><codeblock>&lt;div id="myDiv">&lt;/div></codeblock
></li>
<li><p>Place the <codeph>&lt;div></codeph> tag within the <codeph
>&lt;/body></codeph> tag</p> where you want the widget to appear on
the web page.</li>
</ol>
</conbody>
</concept>
