<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="ConfiguringTheArticleAttributes-19A6640E" xml:lang="en">
<title>Configure the Article Attributes</title>
<shortdesc></shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure the article attributes so that users
can see the article details along with its content. You configure
the article attributes that you want to display including the custom
metadata parameter in the answer view page and the ask a question
page. By default, your users can see article details, including Document
ID, Version, Status, and Display Date.</p><table
id="ArticleAttributes-1EBCDA1B">
<title>List of Article Attributes</title>
<desc>This two-column table describes the article attributes that
you can specify to display on the Answer and Ask a Question pages.</desc>
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.69*"/><colspec
colname="col2" colwidth="1.31*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Attribute</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry><p>document_id</p></entry>
<entry><p>The article’s document ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>version</p></entry>
<entry><p>The article’s version.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>status</p></entry>
<entry><p>The article’s status. Displays whether the article is published
or in draft state.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>display_date</p></entry>
<entry><p>The publish date of a published article or the last modified
date of a draft article.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>creator</p></entry>
<entry><p>The user who created the article.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>aggregate_rating</p></entry>
<entry><p>The aggregate rating of article.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>owner</p></entry>
<entry><p>The article’s owner.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>answer_id</p></entry>
<entry><p>The article’s answer ID.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>last_modified</p></entry>
<entry><p>The date that the article was last modified.</p></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry><p>last_modifier</p></entry>
<entry><p>The user who last updated the article.</p></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
