<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2017, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="ConfiguringAProductOrCategoryOnTheH-4C1CD147" xml:lang="en">
<title>Configure a Product or Category Landing Page</title>
<shortdesc></shortdesc>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><indexterm></indexterm></keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can configure the support home page as a product landing
page or as a category landing page. Product and category landing pages
restrict search and search results to a selected product or category,
enabling users to easily find specific information. All searches from
the page will automatically use the selected product or category,
and answers displayed will be specific to the selected product or
category. Users can also navigate to product and categories of interest
using breadcrumbs and images.</p><p>You configure the home page using
the knowledge visual product category selector widget to display either
a product landing page or category landing page. The home page is
configured as a product landing page by default.</p><p>You can add
images to display for each product and category. To add product and
category images, you must upload an image for each product or category
to the following directory:</p><filepath>cp/customer/assets/images/prodcat-images</filepath
><p>Images must have the same name as their corresponding product
or category. If an image corresponding to a product or category is
not found, default image (<filepath>default.png</filepath>) from the
images directory is displayed on the home page.</p><p>Modify the home
page in your existing instance to configure the product or category
landing page.</p><ol>
<li><p>Edit the file:</p><filepath>cp/customer/development/views/pages/home.php</filepath
></li>
<li><p>Locate the OkcsVisualProductCategorySelector widget code, for
example:</p><codeblock>&lt;rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsVisualProductCategorySelector" type="product"/></codeblock
></li>
<li><p>Edit the <codeph>type</codeph> attribute to the desired configuration,
either product or categories, for example:</p><codeblock>&lt;rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsVisualProductCategorySelector" type="categories"/></codeblock
></li>
<li><p>Add the <codeph>maximum_items</codeph> attribute to specify
the number of products or categories you want to display. The default
value is 8. The maximum value is 40.</p><codeblock>&lt;rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsVisualProductCategorySelector" maximum_items="12"/></codeblock
></li>
</ol></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
