<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2015, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="task_qrx_vgk_kmb" xml:lang="en">
<title>Enable Users to Use Multiple Facet Selection</title>
<taskbody>
 <context><p>You can implement multiple facet selection so that users can refine search results in the filters
    widget on the results page. Users can refine their search results by selecting multiple products
    and categories. They can select only one document type and collection.</p>
  <p>When users select multiple facets, their search results will contain only documents that belong
    to all of the selections. For example, when user selects product1, product2, category1,
    category2, document type1, and collection1 from the available facets, the results list displays
    only documents that belong to all their selection.</p>
  <p>Selecting a facet automatically applies all of its children in the hierarchy. Selecting a facet
    does not apply its parent facet. Each selected facet shows as a separate entry in the filters
    widget, and users can remove facets. Search results update automatically whenever users change a
    facet selection.</p><?Pub Caret -2?><p>The current implementation does not include the multiple facet selection functionality on the
    results page by default. You can implement multiple facet selection by adding the enable multi
    facet attribute to the facet widget.</p>         </context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Edit the file: <filepath>/cp/customer/development/views/pages/results.php</filepath
></cmd></step>
<step>
    <cmd>Add the enable multi facet attribute to the facet widget as follows:<codeph>&lt;rn:widget
      path="okcs/Facet"enable_multi_select="true"/></codeph></cmd>
   </step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
