<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2015, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="task-1-FA8BF076" xml:lang="en">
<title>Implement Favorites</title>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can implement favorites so that users can bookmark
frequently-used articles. Favorites provides users with quick and
easy access to the articles they use most often. Users can access
their favorites on article detail page and account overview page.</p
><?Pub Caret 48?><p>Users must log into Customer Portal to use favorites.
They can add articles to their favorites by clicking Add Favorite
on the article detail page, and remove articles from their favorites
by clicking Remove Favorite. They can also view and manage their favorites
on the account overview page.</p><p>The current implementation includes
favorites on both the article detail page and the account overview
page by default. If you upgrade from a previous implementation, you
can implement favorites by adding the favorites button widget to the
article detail page, adding the favorites list widget to the account
overview page, and copying the favorites list reference page into
your site.</p><p><ol>
<li><p>Edit the file: <filepath>/cp/customer/development/views/pages/answer/answer_view.php</filepath
></p></li>
<li><p>Add the favorite button by adding this line:</p><codeblock
>rn:widget path="okcs/FavoritesButton"/></codeblock><p>after this
line:</p><codeblock>rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsRecommendContent"/></codeblock
></li>
<li><p>Add the favorites list reference (<filepath>list.php</filepath
>) page by copying the favorites folder from <filepath>/cp/core/framework/views/pages/okcs/account</filepath
> to <filepath>/cp/customer/development/views/pages/account</filepath
></p></li>
<li><p>Edit the file: <filepath>/cp/customer/development/views/pages/account/overview.php</filepath
></p></li>
<li><p>Add the favorites list section by adding the following code:</p
><codeblock>&lt;div class="rn_HeaderContainer">
   &lt;h2>&lt;a class="rn_Profile" href="/app/account/favorites/list#rn:session#">#rn:msg:MY_FAVORITES_LBL#&lt;/a>&lt;/h2>
&lt;/div>
&lt;div id="rn_OkcsFavoritesList">
   &lt;rn:widget path="okcs/OkcsFavoritesList" view_type="table" display_fields="title|documentId"/>
   &lt;a href="/app/account/favorites/list#rn:session#">#rn:astr: See all favorites#&lt;/a>
&lt;/div></codeblock><p>within this section:</p><codeblock>&lt;rn:container source_id="OKCSBrowse">
&lt;/rn:container></codeblock></li>
</ol></p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd></cmd>
<info></info>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
