<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /D:\repositories_localcopy\OKCS\Trunk\CustomerPortal\temp\docx\topicrefs?><?workdir-uri file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/temp/docx/topicrefs/?><?path2project ..\?><?path2project-uri ../?><?path2rootmap-uri ../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="enablekaoncp" xml:lang="en" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept) (topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="concept:1;5:42">

<title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="title:1;7:8">Overview of Knowledge Advanced Implementation</title>
<conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;8:10">
<p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="p:1;9:4">You can implement Knowledge Advanced in Customer Portal to enable
self-service users to quickly get answers to their questions without
contacting your support team. They can search for additional information,
rate the answers that they get, and if needed, escalate a question
by submitting it to the support organization. You can implement Knowledge
Advanced in a new instance or in an existing instance using the Knowledge
Advanced reference implementation files. </p>
<p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="p:2;16:4">The reference implementation is a set of PHP files that you can
use to implement knowledge features. The reference implementation
is located at <filepath class="+ topic/ph sw-d/filepath " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="filepath:1;18:25">cp/src/core/framework/views/pages/okcs/</filepath>. </p>
<p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/D:/repositories_localcopy/OKCS/Trunk/CustomerPortal/topicrefs/c_EnableKAonCP.dita" xtrc="p:3;20:4">You must implement the Knowledge Advanced search (OKCSSearch) and
browse (OKCSBrowse) functionality on different pages. Search and browse
functions use different data sources. The widgets that implement search,
browse, and other related functions, such as results pagination, use
unique source IDs to reference these data sources. If you implement
both search and browse functions on a single page, a source ID conflict
may occur.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>